<!-- page 14 -->THEPREFACEIn the First Part were explained Fifteen Chapters ofGenesis, and those Things which they contain in an In-ternal Sense; and to every Chapter were adjoined what, bythe Divine Mercy of the Lord, it was allowed me to see andhear in the World of Spirits and in the Heaven of Angels.Now follows the Next Part, in which, to every Chapter will,in like Manner, be annexed Things of the same Nature; andto this 16th Chapter those Things in the Word which relateto Visions and Dreams, also to such as are Prophetical. Iknow there are but few will believe, that it is possible for any oneto see those Things which are in the other Life, and from thencebe able to report any Thing concerning the State of Souls afterDeath; because few believe the Resurrection, and indeed fewerof the Learned than of the Simple. It's true, they verbally own,because it is agreeable to the Doctrine of Faith, that they shallrise again, but deny it in their Hearts. Nay, there are somewho openly confess, that then they will believe it, when any oneshall rise from the Dead, and they should see, hear and touchhim. But if this could be done, it might be done for the Sa-tisfaction of every one; and even then every such Person,who denies it in his Heart, would not be so convinced,but a thousand Objections would arise, which would renderhis Mind obdurate in the Negative. Some even say theybelieve that they shall rise again, but it will be in the Day<!-- page 15 -->of the Last Judgment, of which they have conceived an Opi-nion, that then all Things which are in this visible Worldshall perish; and because Men have, for many Ages, ex-pected that Day in vain, they are yet in Doubt. But whatis understood by the Last Judgment, of which there is Men-tion in the Word, shall, by the Divine Grace of the Lord,be declared at the End of the 17th Chapter following: Fromwhence it may appear, what sort of Men there are in theChristian World at this Day. The Sadducees, (of whomwe have an Account in Matth. xxii. 22, and the Verses fol-lowing) openly denied a Resurrection; yet they did betterthan those who, at this Time, say, they do not deny it, be-cause, as aforesaid, it is an Article of their Faith, andyet deny it in their Heart; so that they will say contrary towhat they believe, and believe contrary to what they say:But that they may no longer confirm themselves in that falseOpinion, it is granted me, by the Divine Grace of the Lord,while I am in this World, to be in Spirit in the other Life(for Man is a Spirit cloathed with a Body) and there toconverse with Souls, who were risen again not long after theirDecease; yea, almost with all those, who were known to me inthe Life of the Body, and are deceased; and also for se-veral Years daily to talk with Spirits and Angels, and thereto see stupendous Things, which never came into the Imagi-nation of any Man; and this without the least Fallacy.Since therefore many say, They would believe if any one shouldcome to them from the other Life, it will be now seen whe-ther, contrary to the Hardness of their Hearts, they will bepersuaded. This I am able to aver, that those who come intothe other Life from the Christian World, are of all Menthe worst, hating their Neighbour, hating the Faith, deny-<!-- page 16 -->ing the Lord (for in the other Life Hearts speak, and notMouths) and, above the rest, Adulterers. And becauseHeaven begins to be thus removed from others who are with-in the Church, it may be made appear, which has also beenpermitted me to know for a Certainty, that the last Time isat Hand.As to the Internal Sense of the Word, what it is, andof what Kind, may be seen by consulting what has beensaid and shewn in the First Part. N. 1 to 5. 64. 65.66. 167. 605. 920. 937. 1143. 1224. 1404. 1405.1408. 1409. 1502 the End. 1540. 1659. 1756 the Be-ginning. 1767 to 1777, and 1869 to 1879. 1783. 1807.And in this Part, N. 1886 to 1889 inclusive.